feat: dynamically update the theme (#841)
ecomfe/vue-echarts: README.md

- `clear` [→](https://echarts.apache.org/en/api.html#echartsInstance.clear)
- `dispose` [→](https://echarts.apache.org/en/api.html#echartsInstance.dispose)

> > [!NOTE]
> > Certain ECharts instance methods aren’t exposed because their functionality is already provided by component [props](#props):
> >
> > - Instead of [`showLoading`](https://echarts.apache.org/en/api.html#echartsInstance.showLoading) / [`hideLoading`](https://echarts.apache.org/en/api.html#echartsInstance.hideLoading), set the `loading` and `loading-options` props;
> > - Instead of `setTheme`, set the `theme` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The following ECharts instance methods aren't exposed because their functionality is already provided by component [props](#props):
>
> - [`showLoading`](https://echarts.apache.org/en/api.html#echartsInstance.showLoading) / [`hideLoading`](https://echarts.apache.org/en/api.html#echartsInstance.hideLoading): use the `loading` and `loading-options` props instead.
> - `setTheme`: use the `theme` prop instead.
```
